capital = 592

oob = "GDG_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	
}
set_stability = 0.1
set_war_support = 0.2

recruit_character = GDG_weng_wenhao
recruit_character = GDG_mao_zedong
recruit_character = GDG_hu_hanmin
recruit_character = GDG_chiang_kaishek
recruit_character = GDG_zhang_guotao
recruit_character = GDG_wang_jingwei
recruit_character = GDG_tu_yuming
recruit_character = GDG_hsueh_yueh
recruit_character = GDG_tai_anlan
recruit_character = GDG_wang_yaowu
recruit_character = GDG_hu_zongnan
recruit_character = GDG_gu_zhutong
recruit_character = GDG_wei_lihuang
recruit_character = GDG_fu_zuoyi
recruit_character = GDG_zhu_de
recruit_character = GDG_chen_yi
recruit_character = GDG_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = GDG_lin_biao
recruit_character = GDG_su_yu
recruit_character = GDG_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = GDG_deng_yanda
recruit_character = GDG_chen_jitang
recruit_character = GDG_he_yingqin
add_ideas = {
	zhengtong_sanminzhuyi_ideas
	bude_minxin_ideas
	luohou_dejundui_ideas
	beifa_shili_ideas
	fubai_dezhengfu_ideas
	guominsuzhi_ideas
	wenmanglv_gao_ideas
}

set_convoys = 5

set_party_name = {
	ideology = radical_socialism
	long_name = "中华民国国民党激进派(国共联合)"
	name = "孙派国民党"
}
set_party_name = {
	ideology = democratic
	long_name = "中华民国国民党自由派"
	name = "自由派国民党"
}
set_party_name = {
	ideology = fascism
	long_name = "汪精卫右倾机会主义派"
	name = "汪派国民党"
}
set_party_name = {
	ideology = communism
	long_name = "中国共产党"
	name = "中共"
}
set_party_name = {
	ideology = conservatism
	long_name = "蒋介石主义右倾派"
	name = "蒋派国民党"
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = radical_socialism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	extremely_nationalism = 10
	Autocrism = 2
	democratic = 20
	fascism = 10
	conservatism = 5
	communism = 13
	radical_socialism = 20
	neutrality = 2
	anarchism_group = 18
}
