
capital = 757

oob = "TIB_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	
}
add_ideas = {
	bude_minxin_ideas
	jiushidai_de_jundui_ideas
	fubai_dezhengfu_ideas
	guominsuzhi_ideas
	wenmanglv_gao_ideas
}
recruit_character = TIB_jamphel_yeshe_gyaltsen
recruit_character = TIB_namgang_rinpoche
recruit_character = TIB_penor_tashi
recruit_character = TIB_tsepon_shatra
recruit_character = TIB_gyato_wangdu
recruit_character = TIB_lobsang_tenzin
recruit_character = TIB_sampo_tsewang_rigzin
recruit_character = TIB_chama_samphe
recruit_character = TIB_lhalu_tsewang_dorje
recruit_character = TIB_chodak_karma
recruit_character = TIB_tenpa_jamyang
recruit_character = TIB_sogyal_rinpoche
recruit_character = TIB_bapa_yeshe
recruit_character = TIB_jampal_rabgye_rinpoche
recruit_character = TIB_chaghoe_namgyal_dorje
recruit_character = TIB_jamyang_rabten
recruit_character = TIB_khemey_sonam_wangdi
recruit_character = TIB_jigme_taring
recruit_character = TIB_reting_rimpoche
recruit_character = TIB_taktra_rinpoche

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	oob = "TIB_1939"
	set_technology = {
		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1

		mass_assault = 1
		pocket_defence = 1
		defence_in_depth = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}
set_party_name = {
	ideology = imperialism_1
	long_name = "清朝保皇党"
	name = "清保守派"
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = imperialism_1
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	nationalism_1 = 20
	imperialism_1 = 35
	reformist_socialism_1 = 5
	classical_socialism = 5
	totalitarian_socialism_1 = 5
	democratic_1 = 15
	reformist_democratic = 15
}