capital = 325
oob = "YUN_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	
}
add_ideas = {
	bude_minxin_ideas
	luohou_dejundui_ideas
	fubai_dezhengfu_ideas
	guominsuzhi_ideas
	wenmanglv_gao_ideas
}
recruit_character = YUN_long_yun
recruit_character = YUN_lu_han
recruit_character = YUN_mao_dong
recruit_character = YUN_cheng_peng
recruit_character = YUN_hsia_wu
recruit_character = YUN_liao_fang
recruit_character = YUN_luo_sun
recruit_character = YUN_huang_dong
recruit_character = YUN_zhang_wu
recruit_character = YUN_zhu_hu
recruit_character = YUN_li_jiang
recruit_character = YUN_chen_zhao
recruit_character = YUN_hu_wei
recruit_character = YUN_liu_zhao
recruit_character = YUN_liang_peng
recruit_character = YUN_pan_tian
recruit_character = YUN_wang_jiang
recruit_character = YUN_zhou_zhirou
recruit_character = YUN_liu_wenhui
recruit_character = YUN_ding_zhipan



set_party_name = {
	ideology = imperialism_1
	long_name = "清朝保皇党"
	name = "清保守派"
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = imperialism_1
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	nationalism_1 = 20
	imperialism_1 = 35
	reformist_socialism_1 = 5
	classical_socialism = 5
	totalitarian_socialism_1 = 5
	democratic_1 = 15
	reformist_democratic = 15
}
